Now what should have happened is a new browser tab should have opened up with your default browser and
load it in the HCM file that we just created.
Now that we have that set up the next thing for us to do is going to be to create a new file called
block underscore scope.
So go ahead and pause it if you need to and create that file.
Now mission control and control be to just kind of give me a more full screen view.
And then after that I'll go to index dot h T.M. and right under or right above the body tag I should
say I'm going to add a script tag so I'm going to write scripts.
And then after that SIRC and I'll set that equal to block underscore scope.
Yes.
And then after that I'm going to go ahead and open up my console so I do control shift.
That's command shift on the Mac and it should open up the actual console for me to see and make sure
that everything's working the way that it's supposed to.
Now this would work the same on Chrome or Firefox.
I don't really mess with Internet Explore or edge but I'm assuming it would work the same way.
I'm not really familiar with their debug but either way.
Now just to make sure this works we're going to go ahead and cancel that log.
I'm working like so save that.
See what happens.
And let's see.
Logs.
I'm working so it seems like everything is working the way that it's supposed to.
Now the first thing for us to do is going to be talking about a new type of scope available to us inside
of javascript.